in slow motion the flowers fell from my
hand and shattered like glass and when I
looked into the mirror I was a beautiful
milkmaid then I woke up crying I don't
know why I once had a dream that I was a
baby pig living on a farm my conch no
you don't understand it was a
life-changing vision I may never be the
double door we need your help magical
emergency oh boy let's go professor once
trapped in an alternate dimension oh not
again it's the most terrible thing
tickles and all the wrong friends this
wouldn't happen if you weren't so fat
what should we do professor fetch me the
problem stick don't go into the light
Ron you just oh yes my old friend I
still remember how to do this are you
okay wrong hmm you kidding me Harry I've
never felt better I'm a man now sup
Hermione Oh Ron it's renaldo now what's
up Dumbledore wow you're much cooler
than Harry what let's have a beach party
in London
no no pituitary a shrink ii think ii I
rule the school you here I'm top dog no
one can have more testosterone than me
cuz i'm harry potter and the Boy Who
Lived i'm harry plaza okay I'm so sorry
Harry well good now let's have a dance
party in London my name is harry potter
on the king of the school i'm better
than everybody in the school I'm hip and
I'm awesome all the girls are my name
Harry Potter that is my name harry
potter harry potter do the shoe be doo
wop wop she'll be yeah i defeated
voldemort when i was a baby I was even
awesome when I was a baby both my
parents died
I was a baby I grew up abuse without any
love Harry Potter baby it was harry
potter harry potter be up to me that's
me because of my best friends you know
that Oh Harry you're gonna be all right
Harry my boy yes will always love you
Harry yes we will I love you too here's
some weight before you hug me wrong